this video is on request it's about my
type of cage I had to decide on making a
new cage in 2008 when we moved there are
no cubes or coroplast available here
unless I've shipped them from elsewhere
so a CNC cage was no option the base is
a wooden board in this case an external
white kitchen worktop any laminated wood
for furniture will do too of course it
will save your bag to put a wood on top
of a cabinet and you will have extra
storage underneath a sturdy set up on
the table will do as well
the grits are used or just play band
grids they can be bent easily in case
you need to do so they are attached to
the wooden board with zip ties and I
screws they will however code from big
EP as you can see here I wanted a
separate hayloft so I installed some
extra grids which can be removed for
cleaning it also makes it easier to lock
the pigs in so I can clean the rest of
the cage after i clean the hayloft first
i use cage liners since a few years as
they are easier than fleas and cotton
towel material underneath it's the same
material only preshrunk and stitched
together my cage liners even have fleas
on both sides so I can flip them after a
few days which keeps the pigs cleaner
and the cage looking nicer I wore
decades liners in the water on hot tub
with some laundry detergent and a dollop
of disinfectant no fabric softener is
used as that prevents p from leaking
through the fleece and getting absorbed
underneath so the rest of the cage is
constructed the same way it's an easy
and cheap way to make a cage it's easy
to clean as well bye